So I want a simple business, easy to understand, great economics now, honest and able management, and then I can see about in a general way where they will be ten (10) years from now. If I can’t see where they will be ten years from now, I don’t want to buy it.

Our managers of the businesses we run, I have one message to them, and we want to widen the moat. We want to throw crocs, sharks and gators—I guess—into the moat to keep away competitors. That comes
about through service, through quality of product, it comes about through cost, some times through patents, and/or real estate location.

The Internet is not going to change how we chew gum and nothing much else is going to change how we chew gum. There will lots of new products. Is Spearmint or Juicy Fruit going to evaporate? It isn’t going to happen. You give me a billion dollars and tell me to go into the chewing gum business and try to make a real dent in Wrigley’s. I can’t do it. That is how I think about businesses. I say to myself, give me a billion dollars and how much can I hurt the guy?
Give me $10 billion dollars and how much can I hurt Coca-Cola around the world? I can’t do it. Those are good businesses. 

午觉没睡着。在床上阅读刘纪鹏的《资本金融》。
妈出去散步后，去了趟新山书屋。《如何从敌人身上获益》这本书还不错。
《孢子城市》也不错。
多积累商业、金融知识，看巴菲特致股东信是保证之一。

阅读：https://www.berkshirehathaway.com/letters/2015ltr.pdf

recession-resistant earnings, which result from these companies offering an essential service on an exclusive basis.

a great and ever-widening diversity of earnings streams, which shield BHE from being seriously harmed by any single regulatory body. These
many sources of profit, supplemented by the inherent advantage of being owned by a strong parent, have allowed BHE and its utility subsidiaries to significantly lower their cost of debt. This economic fact benefits both us and our customers.

a massive commitment to key components of America’s infrastructure.

