Berkshire’s attractive insurance economics exist only because we have some terrific managers running disciplined operations that in most cases possess hard-to-replicate business models.

His operation combines capacity, speed, decisiveness and, most important, brains in a manner unique in the insurance business.

Our many streams of non-insurance earnings would see to that.

(1) understand all exposures that might cause a policy to incur losses;
(2) conservatively assess the likelihood of any exposure actually causing a loss and the probable cost if it does;
(3) set a premium that, on average, will deliver a profit
after both prospective loss costs and operating expenses are covered;
(4) be willing to walk away if the appropriate premium can’t be obtained.

That old line, “The other guy is doing it, so we must as well,” spells trouble in any business, but in none more so than insurance.

The first is common to all utilities: recession-resistant earnings, which result from these companies offering an essential service for which demand is remarkably steady. 

The second is enjoyed by few other utilities: an ever-widening diversity of earnings streams, which shield BHE from being seriously harmed by any single regulatory body. 

These many sources of profit, supplemented by the inherent advantage of the company being owned by a strong parent, have allowed BHE and its utility subsidiaries to significantly lower their cost of debt.

conduct our operations in a way that earns the approval of our regulators and the people they
represent.

society will forever need huge investments in both transportation and energy.

It is in the self-interest of governments to treat capital
providers in a manner that will ensure the continued flow of funds to essential projects.
It is concomitantly in our self-interest to conduct our operations in a way that earns the approval of our regulators and the people they
represent.


