早晨阳光明媚，在床上阅读《资本金融学》。
刘纪鹏说这是投行的秘密。
午休的很好，起来后拖了地。
拖完地后，在床上阅读《资本金融学》。
被妈妈当做情绪垃圾桶，一顿输出。
我现在这样，和整个家的情绪控制能力差有关。
情绪决定命运。
我几乎上是爸妈的情绪垃圾桶。
虔诚的活下去，直到死去。相信一定会有好事发生。
这个好事不一定是有妻子孩子，可能是遇到一群善良能干的人。
安静的做爸妈的情绪垃圾桶。养成良好的情绪控制能力。
简单生活，比如卖出的中国平安，就当生活费，等待。
从目前我的状态，和爸这个事情，我是没什么出路了，只能看书，简单生活。
看书直到找到出路。
希望未来能遇到像巴菲特身边的24位员工那样的人。

阅读：https://www.berkshirehathaway.com/letters/2015ltr.pdf

When innovation and the market system interact to produce efficiencies, many workers may be rendered unnecessary, their talents obsolete. Some can find decent employment elsewhere; for others, that is not an option.

Many were past the point in life at which they could learn another trade.

Many older workers at our New Bedford plant, as a poignant example, spoke Portuguese and knew little, if any, English. They had no Plan B.

A threat that will only surface 50 years from now may be a problem for society, but it is not a financial problem for today’s investor.

differ in a very major way in our calculation of the likelihood, the timing and the cost (or benefit) that may result from these possibilities.

When we took over the company in 1965, its risks could have been encapsulated in a single sentence: “The northern textile business in
which all of our capital resides is destined for recurring losses and will eventually disappear.” That development, however, was no death knell. We simply adapted. And we will continue to do so.

Charlie and I focus on where a steady stream of funds should be deployed. 

I firmly believe that Berkshire has the money, talent and culture to plow through the sort of adversities I’ve itemized above – and
many more – and to emerge with ever-greater earning power.

Pascal, it may be recalled, argued that if there were only a tiny probability that God truly existed, it made sense to behave as if He did because the rewards could be infinite whereas the lack of belief risked eternal misery. 

If an ark may be essential for survival, begin building it today, no matter how cloudless the skies appear.

But insurance policies are customarily written for one year and repriced annually to reflect changing exposures. Increased possibilities of loss translate promptly into increased premiums.

As a homeowner in a low-lying area, you may wish to consider moving. But when you are thinking only as a shareholder of a major
insurer, climate change should not be on your list of worries.

Carrie is unflappable, ingenious and expert at bringing out the best in those who work with her.

My friend, Phil Beuth, has written Limping on Water, an autobiography that chronicles his life at Capital Cities Communications and tells you a lot about its leaders, Tom Murphy and Dan Burke. These two were the best managerial duo – both in what they accomplished and how they did it – that Charlie and I ever witnessed. Much of what you become in life depends on whom you choose to admire and copy. Start with Tom Murphy, and you’ll never need a second exemplar.

Finally, Jeremy Miller has written Warren Buffett’s Ground Rules, a book that will debut at the annual meeting. Mr. Miller has done a superb job of researching and dissecting the operation of Buffett Partnership Ltd. and of explaining how Berkshire’s culture has evolved from its BPL origin. If you are fascinated by investment
theory and practice, you will enjoy this book.

Our hope is that the analysts and journalists will ask questions that add to our owners’ understanding and knowledge of their investment.

There is no one more important to us than the shareholder of limited means who trusts us with a substantial portion of his savings.

They are truly All-Stars who run their businesses as if they were the only asset owned by their families.

I also believe the mindset of our managers to be as shareholder-oriented as can be found in the universe of large publicly-owned companies. Most of our managers have no financial need to work. The joy of hitting business “home runs” means as much to them as their paycheck.

Equally important, however, are the 24 men and women who work with me at our corporate office. This group efficiently deals with a multitude of SEC and other regulatory requirements, files a 30,400-page Federal income tax return – that’s up 6,000 pages from the prior year! – oversees the filing of 3,530 state tax returns,
responds to countless shareholder and media inquiries, gets out the annual report, prepares for the country’s largest
annual meeting, coordinates the Board’s activities, fact-checks this letter – and the list goes on and on.

They handle all of these business tasks cheerfully and with unbelievable efficiency, making my life easy and pleasant. Their efforts go beyond activities strictly related to Berkshire: Last year, for example, they dealt with the 40 universities (selected from 200 applicants) who sent students to Omaha for a Q&A day with me. They also handle all kinds of requests that I receive, arrange my travel, and even get me hamburgers and french fries
(smothered in Heinz ketchup, of course) for lunch. No CEO has it better; I truly do feel like tap dancing to work
every day. In fact, my job becomes more fun every year.

At Berkshire we have hired some wonderful people – and they have stayed with us. Moreover, no one is hired unless he or she is truly needed. That’s why you’ve never read about “restructuring” charges at Berkshire.

每天坚持看一点巴菲特致股东信。
