Future是有限状态机；Task将一些列Future的状态跑完。
拖地、大少卫生间、洗澡、洗内裤/袜子、床上看《出发点》
昨晚又梦到坐电梯，在一个狭小的盒子中，去了12松楼，该楼可以泡澡、自助餐。

has been the engine that has propelled our growth

financial characteristics: P/C insurers receive premiums upfront and pay claims later. 

Though individual policies and claims come and go, the amount of float an insurer holds usually remains fairly stable in relation to premium volume.

The nature of our insurance contracts is such that we can never be subject to immediate or near-term demands for sums that are of significance to our cash resources.

This structure is by design and is a key component in the unequaled financial strength of our insurance companies.

Disciplined risk evaluation is the daily focus of all of our insurance managers, who know that while float is valuable, its benefits can be drowned by poor underwriting results. All insurers give that message lip service. At Berkshire it is a religion, Old Testament style.

to think of float as a typical liability is a major mistake. It should instead be viewed as a revolving fund. Daily, we pay old claims and related expenses – a huge $27 billion to more than six million claimants in 2016 – and that reduces float. Just as surely, we each day write new business that will soon generate its own claims, adding to float.

Owing $1 that in effect will never leave the premises –
because new business is almost certain to deliver a substitute – is worlds different from owing $1 that will go out the door tomorrow and not be replaced.

