下雨，起床洗漱后在床上看《资本金融学》。
通过看巴菲特致股东信培养自己的价值投资文化，认清股市的赌场文化。
属于赌场文化的部分不参与。

阅读：https://www.berkshirehathaway.com/letters/2014ltr.pdf

These four investees possess excellent businesses and are run by managers who are both talented and shareholder-oriented. 

At Berkshire, we much prefer owning a non-controlling but substantial portion of a wonderful company to owning 100% of a so-so business. It’s better to have a partial interest in the Hope
Diamond than to own all of a rhinestone.

I’ve mentioned in the past that my experience in business helps me as an investor and that my investment experience has made me a better businessman. Each pursuit teaches lessons that are applicable to the other. And some truths can only be fully learned through experience. 

the evaluation of investments and the management of businesses.

have excellent economic characteristics. 

all-in wager on the economic future of the United States.

Charlie and I have always considered a “bet” on ever-rising U.S. prosperity to be very close to a sure thing.

With this tailwind working for us, Charlie and I hope to build Berkshire’s per-share intrinsic value by

(1) constantly improving the basic earning power of our many subsidiaries; 

(2) further increasing their earnings through bolt-on acquisitions;

(3) benefiting from the growth of our investees; 

(4) repurchasing Berkshire shares when they are available at a meaningful discount from intrinsic value; and

(5) making an occasional large acquisition.

We will also try to maximize results for you by rarely, if ever, issuing Berkshire shares.

Those building blocks rest on a rock-solid foundation.

A century hence, BNSF and Berkshire Hathaway Energy will still be playing vital roles in our economy. 

Homes and autos will remain central to the lives of most families.

Insurance will continue to be essential for both businesses and individuals. 

午觉很好，在床上看了会儿《资本金融学》，天晴，去了趟新山书屋。坐在窗沿上看了会儿书，没喝咖啡。
