# try

Stretching for big goals puts me in the position of failing and needing to
learn and come up with new inventions that achieve those goals.

# original

Stretching for big goals puts me in the position of failing and needing to learn
and come up with new inventions in order to move forward.

# try

I find it exhilarating being caught by in the feedback loop of rapid learning -
just like a surfer loves riding a wave, even though sometimes leads to crashes.

# original

I find it exhilarating being caught up in the feedback loop of rapid learning -
just as a surfer loves riding a wave, even though it sometimes leads to crashes.

# try

Don't get me wrong, I'm still scared of these crashes and I still find them painful.
But I keep them with perspective, knowing that I'll and that most of my learning will
come from refecting on them.

# original

Don't get me wrong, I'm still scared of the crashes and I still find them painful.
But I keep that pain in perspective, knowing that I will get through these setbacks
and that most of my learning will come from reflecting on them.

# try

Just like long-distance runners push pain to experience
the pleasure of "runner's high".
I have largely gotten past the pain of mistake making and enjoiy the learning from
them.

# original

Just as long-distance runners push through pain to experience the pleasure of "runners's high," I have largely gotten past the pain of my mistake making and
instead enjoy the pleasure that comes with learning from it.

# try

I believe that with practice you can change the habits and experience the same
"mistake learner's high."

# original

I believe that with practice you can change your habits and experience the same
"mistake learner's high."
