# things done
## morning
* 起床，穿衣，整理床，散步，阅览室，做操
* 面条
* 看 eleven rings - 5 dances with bulls
* 11点半，写日记
* 学习 futures-util\src\future\join_all.rs
## afternoon
* 蛋炒饭 + 白水基围虾
* 午休
* 看 eleven rings - 6 warrior spirit
* 看 eleven rings - 7 hearing the unheard
## evening
* 散步，阅览室，做操，漱口，洗脸，洗澡
* 刷抖音
* 20:40写日记
* 听歌写歌词
* 学 futures-macro\src\join.rs

# life
eleven rings 看了三章，但还是感觉时间过的太快了。
没时间学 Rust。
需要逐渐增加学 Rust 的时间吗？
还是顺其自然？选前者。

怎么练习写作呢？
每天写一点。最好每天都能按照指导来写，而不是盲目的写。

# books
the second jungle book, Rudyard Kipling
on becoming a person, Carl Rogers
Tribal Leadership, Dave Logan, John King, and Halee Fischer-Wright
Zen Mind, Beginner's Mind, Suzuki

# people
Jimi Hendrix, The Star-Spangled Banner
David Byrne
Freddie Mercury, We are the Champion
Talking Heads, Once in a lifetime
John Coltrane
mIles Davis
Steve Lacy, Thelonious Monk

# degist
what's your greatest aspiration?
who's influenced you the most?
what's something people don't know about you?

# quotes
And abouve all, watch with glittering eyes the whole
world around you because the greatest secrets are
always hidden in the most unlikely places. Those who
don't believe in magic will never find it.
   Roald Dahl

He drew the circle that shut me out -
Heretic, rebel, a thing to flout.
But love and I had the wit to win:
We drew a circle that took him in!
  Edwin Markham's "Outwitted"

think lightly of yourself and think deeply of the world.
   Miyamoto Musashi

Don't play the saxophone. Let it paly you.
   Charlie Parker

The privilege of lifetime is being who you are.
   Joseph Campbell

The greatest carver does the least cutting.
   Lao-Tzu

I have just three things to teach:
simplicity, patience, compassion.
These three are the greatest treasures.
Simple in actions and thoughts,
you return to the source of being.
Patient with both friends and enemies,
you accord with the way things are.
Compassionate toward yourself,
you reconcile all beings in the world.
   Stephen Mitchell

You can't break the rules until you know how to play the game.
   Ricki Lee Jones

Life is a journey. Time is a river. The door is ajar.
   Jim Butcher

When you do things from your soul,
you feel a river moving in you, a joy.
   Rumi

# lyrics
your man
  Home Free

baby lock the door and turn the lights down low
put some music on that's soft and slow
baby we ain't got no place to go
I hope you understand

I've been thinking bout this all day long
never felt a feeling quite this strong
I can't believe how much it turns me on
just to be your man

there's no hurry
don't you worry
we can take our time
come a little closer
let's go over
what I had in mind

baby lock the door and turn the lights down low
put some music on that's soft and slow
baby we ain't got no place to go
I hope you understand

I've been thinking bout this all day long
never felt a feeling quite this strong
I can't believe how much it turns me on
just to be your man

ain't nobody ever love nobody
the way that I love you
we're alone now
you don't know how
long I've wanted to

lock the door and turn the lights down low
put some music on that's soft and slow
baby we ain't got no place to go
I hope you understand

I've been thinking bout this all day long
never felt a feeling that was quite this strong
I can't believe how much it turns me on
just to be your man

I can't believe how much it turns me on
just to be your man (just to be your man)
