今天500块配了一副眼镜，之前的眼镜翻身时压坏了。

RAG: Retrieval Augmented Generation
Agents (to complete multi-step tasks)

补全模型
单次文本生成（如写文章、生成代码、总结报告）
Chat Model 
多轮交互式对话，保证上下文连贯

看亚马逊致股东信：
https://s2.q4cdn.com/299287126/files/doc_financials/2024/ar/Amazon-com-Inc-2023-Shareholder-Letter.pdf

what ties Amazon together is our joint mission
to make customers’ lives better and easier every day. This is true across every customer segment we serve
(consumers, sellers, brands, developers, enterprises, and creators). At our best, we’re not just customer
obsessed, but also inventive, thinking several years out, learning like crazy, scrappy, delivering quickly, and operating like the world’s biggest start-up.

empower builders

They like to dissect a customer experience, assess what’s
wrong with it, and reinvent it. Builders tend not to be satisfied until the customer experience is perfect.
This doesn’t hinder them from delivering improvements along the way, but it drives them to keep tinkering
and iterating continually. While unafraid to invent from scratch, they have no hesitation about using
high-quality, scalable, cost-effective components from others. What matters to builders is having the right tools to keep rapidly improving customer experiences.

The best way we know how to do this is by building primitive services. Think of them as discrete, foundational
building blocks that builders can weave together in whatever combination they desire. 

build foundation models
Graviton、Trainium、Inferentia
Anthropic, Airbnb, Hugging Face, Qualtrics, Ricoh, Snap
SageMaker、Perplexity AI、Workday、 NatWest

Bedrock
Guardrails (to safeguard what questions applications will answer)
Knowledge Bases (to expand models’ knowledge base with Retrieval Augmented Generation—or
RAG—and real-time queries)
Agents (to complete multi-step tasks)
Fine-Tuning (to keep teaching and refining models)
Customers want a service that makes this experimenting and iterating simple
ADP, Amdocs, Bridgewater Associates, Broadridge,
Clariant, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Delta Air Lines,
Druva, Genesys, Genomics England, GoDaddy, Intuit, KT, Lonely Planet, LexisNexis,
Netsmart, Perplexity AI, Pfizer, PGA TOUR, Ricoh, Rocket Companies, and Siemens.
Rufus (our new, AI-powered shopping assistant)
more intelligent and capable Alexa
advertising capabilities (making it simple with natural
language prompts to generate, customize, and edit high-quality images, advertising copy, and videos)

Amazon Q, an expert on AWS that writes, debugs, tests, and implements code, while also doing
transformations (like moving from an old version of Java to a new one), and querying customers’ various
data repositories (e.g. Intranets, wikis, Salesforce, Amazon S3, ServiceNow, Slack, Atlassian, etc.) to answer
questions, summarize data, carry on coherent conversation, and take action. Q is the most capable work
assistant available today and evolving fast.

1/ hiring builders who are motivated to continually
improve and expand what’s possible;
2/ solving real customer challenges, rather than what we think may be
interesting technology;
3/ building in primitives so that we can innovate and experiment at the highest rate;
4/ not wasting time trying to fight gravity (spoiler alert: you always lose)—when we discover technology
that enables better customer experiences, we embrace it;
5/ accepting and learning from failed experiments—
actually becoming more energized to try again, with new knowledge to employ.

