We have intentionally constructed Berkshire in a manner that will allow it to comfortably
withstand economic discontinuities, including such extremes as extended market closures.

Even if your borrowings are small and your
positions aren’t immediately threatened by the plunging market, your mind may well become rattled by scary headlines
and breathless commentary. And an unsettled mind will not make good decisions.

Performance comes, performance goes. Fees never falter.

Though markets are generally rational, they
occasionally do crazy things. Seizing the opportunities then offered does not require great intelligence, a degree in
economics or a familiarity with Wall Street jargon such as alpha and beta. What investors then need instead is an
ability to both disregard mob fears or enthusiasms and to focus on a few simple fundamentals. A willingness to look
unimaginative for a sustained period – or even to look foolish – is also essential.

For good reason, I regularly extol the accomplishments of our operating managers. They are truly All-Stars
who run their businesses as if they were the only asset owned by their families. I also believe the mindset of our
managers to be as shareholder-oriented as can be found in the universe of large publicly-owned companies. Most of
our managers have no financial need to work. The joy of hitting business “home runs” means as much to them as their
paycheck.

If managers (or directors) own Berkshire shares – and many do – it’s from open-market purchases they
have made or because they received shares when they sold their businesses to us. None, however, gets the upside of
ownership without risking the downside. Our directors and managers stand in your shoes.

We continue to have a wonderful group at headquarters. This team efficiently deals with a multitude of
SEC and other regulatory requirements, files a 32,700-page Federal income tax return, oversees the filing of 3,935
state tax returns, responds to countless shareholder and media inquiries, gets out the annual report, prepares for the
country’s largest annual meeting, coordinates the Board’s activities, fact-checks this letter – and the list goes on and
on.

