做饭、做菜、睡好、拖地、不做有损健康的事。
亚马逊的致股东信要好好看，仔细研究。
看亚马逊致股东信：https://s2.q4cdn.com/299287126/files/doc_financials/2021/ar/Amazon-2020-Shareholder-Letter-and-1997-Shareholder-Letter.pdf
Our net income in 2020 was $21.3 billion. If, instead of
being a publicly traded company with thousands of owners, Amazon were a sole proprietorship with a single
owner, that’s how much the owner would have earned in 2020.
compensation expense
What is an expense for a company is income for employees. 
In 2020, employees
earned $80 billion, plus another $11 billion to include benefits and various payroll taxes, for a total of
$91 billion.
we have to break it down into consumer customers and AWS customers.
We offer low prices, vast selection, and fast delivery, but imagine we ignore all of
that for the purpose of this estimate and value only one thing: we save customers time.
If you assume that a typical Amazon purchase
takes 15 minutes and that it saves you a couple of trips to a physical store a week, that’s more than 75
hours a year saved.
So that we can get a dollar figure, let’s value the time savings at $10 per hour, which is conservative. Seventyfive hours multiplied by $10 an hour and subtracting the cost of Prime gives you value creation for each
Prime member of about $630. We have 200 million Prime members, for a total in 2020 of $126 billion of value
These numbers are part of the reason why people
work for us, why sellers sell through us, and why customers buy from us. We create value for them.
creation.
you’ll find that invention is the root of all real value creation. 
 And value
created is best thought of as a metric for innovation.
it’s clear to me that we need a better vision for how we create value for
employees – a vision for their success.
On the details, we at Amazon are always flexible, but on matters of vision we
are stubborn and relentless. We have never failed when we set our minds to something, and we’re not going to
fail at this either.
where we coach small groups of employees on body mechanics, proactive
wellness, and safety. In addition to reducing workplace injuries, these concepts have a positive impact on
regular day-to-day activities outside work.
use sophisticated algorithms to rotate employees
among jobs that use different muscle-tendon groups to decrease repetitive motion and help protect employees
from MSD risks.
we’ll do that by continuing to lead on wages, on benefits, on upskilling opportunities, and in other
ways that we will figure out over time.
Smart action on climate change will not only stop bad things from happening, it will also make our
economy more efficient, help drive technological change, and reduce risks. 
The economy in 2030 will
need to be vastly different from what it is today, and Amazon plans to be at the heart of the change. 
Combined, these can lead to
more and better jobs, healthier and happier children, more productive workers, and a more prosperous future.
committed to achieve net-zero carbon in their worldwide businesses by 2040
The Pledge also requires them to measure and report greenhouse gas emissions on a
regular basis; implement decarbonization strategies through real business changes and innovations; and
neutralize any remaining emissions with additional, quantifiable, real, permanent, and socially beneficial
offsets.
businesses should start inventing and developing new technologies that signatories need to make good on
the Pledge.
 to invest in visionary
companies that aim to facilitate the transition to a low-carbon economy. 
CarbonCure Technologies, Pachama, Redwood Materials, Rivian, Turntide Technologies,
ZeroAvia, and Infinium
help catalyze the systemic change we will
need in the coming decade. We’ll be supporting leading scientists, activists, NGOs, environmental justice
organizations, and others working to fight climate change and protect the natural world.
be kind, be original, create more than you consume, and never, never, never let the universe
smooth you into your surroundings.

罗杰费德勒在达特茅斯学院2024年毕业典礼上的致辞
巴菲特1998年在佛罗里达大学的演讲

看不懂其它东西，就看致股东信。
看伯克希尔哈撒韦致股东信。
https://www.berkshirehathaway.com/letters/2019ltr.pdf
Common Stocks as Long Term Investments

During the past decade, Berkshire’s depreciation charges have aggregated $65 billion whereas the
company’s internal investments in property, plant and equipment have totaled $121 billion.
Reinvestment in
productive operational assets will forever remain our top priority.

First, they must earn good returns on the net tangible capital required in their operation.
Second, they must be run by able and honest managers.
Finally, they must be available at a sensible price.

To achieve a reputation as a good manager, just be sure you buy good businesses.
I’d have to say it is usually the buyer who encounters unpleasant surprises. It’s easy to get
dreamy-eyed during corporate courtships.
Margin of Trust

First, Berkshire’s assets are deployed in an extraordinary
variety of wholly or partly-owned businesses that, averaged out, earn attractive returns on the capital they use. 

Second,
Berkshire’s positioning of its “controlled” businesses within a single entity endows it with some important and
enduring economic advantages.

Third, Berkshire’s financial affairs will unfailingly be managed in a manner allowing
the company to withstand external shocks of an extreme nature.

Fourth, we possess skilled and devoted top managers
for whom running Berkshire is far more than simply having a high-paying and/or prestigious job.

Finally, Berkshire’s
directors – your guardians – are constantly focused on both the welfare of owners and the nurturing of a culture that
is rare among giant corporations. 

昨天晚上定下的今天写tokio的current thread运行时测试代码任务，拖到21:05还没开始。
写了一个简单的。今天就结束吧。今天上午看《前途无量》。下午看股票去了。
