看伯克希尔哈撒韦致股东信：https://www.berkshirehathaway.com/letters/2019ltr.pdf
Berkshire will buy back its stock only if
a) Charlie and I believe that it is selling for less than it is worth and
b) the
company, upon completing the repurchase, is left with ample cash.

At Berkshire, we will continue to look for business-savvy directors who are owner-oriented and arrive with
a strong specific interest in our company.
Thought and principles, not robot-like “process,” will guide their actions.
In representing your interests, they will, of course, seek managers whose goals include delighting their customers,
cherishing their associates and acting as good citizens of both their communities and our country.

Paid-with-my-own-money ownership, of course, does not create wisdom or ensure business smarts.
Nevertheless, I feel better when directors of our portfolio companies have had the experience of purchasing shares
with their savings, rather than simply having been the recipients of grants.

Despite the illogic of it all, the director for whom fees are important – indeed, craved – is almost universally
classified as “independent” while many directors possessing fortunes very substantially linked to the welfare of the
corporation are deemed lacking in independence. Not long ago, I looked at the proxy material of a large American
company and found that eight directors had never purchased a share of the company’s stock using their own money.
(They, of course, had received grants of stock as a supplement to their generous cash compensation.) This particular
company had long been a laggard, but the directors were doing wonderfully.

早上睡眼惺忪地点亮手机看时间，却在锁屏界面看到“早安”两个字，这个设计有点反人性。

晚上才开始本地调试current thread运行时。
