As is the case in marriage, business acquisitions often deliver
surprises after the “I do’s.” I’ve made some dumb purchases, paying far too much for the economic goodwill of
companies we acquired. That later led to goodwill write-offs and to consequent reductions in Berkshire’s book
value. We’ve also had some winners among the businesses we’ve purchased – a few of the winners very big –
but have not written those up by a penny.

构建美
构建动画
今天在宜宾天地新山书屋看了宫崎骏的《出发点》，喝了一杯威士忌。
构建企业

normalized earning power per share to increase every year
Charlie and I have no magic plan to add earnings except to dream big and to be prepared mentally and financially to act fast when opportunities present themselves.

Every decade or so, dark clouds will fill the economic skies, and they will briefly rain gold. When downpours of that sort occur, it’s
imperative that we rush outdoors carrying washtubs, not teaspoons. And that we will do.

I earlier described our gradual shift from a company obtaining most of its gains from investment
activities to one that grows in value by owning businesses. 
Launching that transition, we took baby steps –
making small acquisitions whose impact on Berkshire’s profits was dwarfed by our gains from marketable securities. 

a brilliantly-managed utility business that has delivered us many large opportunities to make profitable and
socially-useful investments.

(1) continuing to build our insurance operation;
(2) energetically acquiring large and diversified
non-insurance businesses and
(3) largely making our deals from internally-generated cash.

Our portfolio of bonds and stocks, de-emphasized though it is, has continued in the post-1998 period to
grow and to deliver us hefty capital gains, interest, and dividends. Those portfolio earnings have provided us
major help in financing the purchase of businesses.

Americans have combined human ingenuity, a market system, a tide of talented and ambitious
immigrants, and the rule of law to deliver abundance beyond any dreams of our forefathers.

Just look around you.
See the 75 million owner-occupied homes, the bountiful farmland, the 260 million vehicles, the hyper-productive
factories, the great medical centers, the talent-filled universities, you name it – they all represent a net gain for
Americans from the barren lands, primitive structures and meager output of 1776. 

Money is always there, but the pockets change.

it’s our market system – an economic traffic cop ably directing capital, brains and labor – that has created America’s abundance.

Early Americans, we should emphasize, were neither smarter nor more hard working than those people
who toiled century after century before them. But those venturesome pioneers crafted a system that unleashed
human potential, and their successors built upon it.

This economic creation will deliver increasing wealth to our progeny far into the future. Yes, the
build-up of wealth will be interrupted for short periods from time to time. It will not, however, be stopped. I’ll
repeat what I’ve both said in the past and expect to say in future years: Babies born in America today are the
luckiest crop in history.

Innovation, productivity gains, entrepreneurial spirit and an abundance of capital will see to that.

First, widespread fear is your friend as
an investor, because it serves up bargain purchases. Second, personal fear is your enemy. It will also be
unwarranted. Investors who avoid high and unnecessary costs and simply sit for an extended period with a
collection of large, conservatively-financed American businesses will almost certainly do well.

Berkshire’s collection of good businesses, along with the company’s impregnable financial strength
and owner-oriented culture, should deliver decent results. We won’t be satisfied with less.

看 reqwest 库
