看伯克希尔哈撒韦致股东信：https://www.berkshirehathaway.com/letters/2020ltr.pdf
owning a non-controlling portion of a wonderful business is more profitable,
more enjoyable and far less work than struggling with 100% of a marginal enterprise.
based on a company’s
durable competitive strengths, the capabilities and character of its management, and price.
In contrast to the scoring system
utilized in diving competitions, you are awarded no points in business endeavors for “degree of difficulty.”
It’s said that hard work never killed anyone, but I say why take the
chance?
Every retailer knows that satisfied
customers are a store’s best salespeople.
These builders needed America’s
framework for prosperity – a unique experiment when it was crafted in 1789 – to achieve their potential. In turn,
America needed citizens like Jim C., Jim H., Mrs. B and Louie to accomplish the miracles our founding fathers sought.
In its brief 232 years of existence, however, there has been no incubator for unleashing human
potential like America.
board members must act in the best interest of the corporation and its stockholders. 
Berkshire directors want the company to delight its customers, to develop and reward
the talents of its 360,000 associates, to behave honorably with lenders and to be regarded as a good citizen of the many
cities and states in which we operate.
dividends, strategic direction,
CEO selection, or acquisitions and divestitures.
represent the long-term interests of the corporation and its owners.
Productive assets such as farms, real estate and, yes, business ownership produce wealth – lots of it. Most
owners of such properties will be rewarded. All that’s required is the passage of time, an inner calm, ample
diversification and a minimization of transactions and fees.
Berkshire owns American-based
property, plant and equipment – the sort of assets that make up the “business infrastructure” of our country – with a
GAAP valuation exceeding the amount owned by any other U.S. company. 
 The
best results occur at companies that require minimal assets to conduct high-margin businesses – and offer goods or
services that will expand their sales volume with only minor needs for additional capital. 
The history of American railroads is fascinating. After 150 years or so of frenzied construction, skullduggery,
overbuilding, bankruptcies, reorganizations and mergers, the railroad industry finally emerged a few decades ago as
mature and rationalized.

蒂姆库克2015年给华盛顿大学毕业生的讲话。
The Nights
擦厨房柜子、拖厨房地、看书。
