At Berkshire what counts most are increases in our normalized per-share earning power. That metric is what
Charlie Munger, my long-time partner, and I focus on – and we hope that you do, too. Our scorecard for 2017 follows.

There are four building blocks that add value to Berkshire:
(1) sizable stand-alone acquisitions;
(2) bolt-on acquisitions that fit with businesses we already own;
(3) internal sales growth and margin improvement at our many
and varied businesses; and
(4) investment earnings from our huge portfolio of stocks and bonds. 

In our search for new stand-alone businesses, the key qualities we seek are durable competitive strengths;
able and high-grade management; good returns on the net tangible assets required to operate the business;
opportunities for internal growth at attractive returns; and, finally, a sensible purchase price.

Why the purchasing frenzy? In part, it’s because the CEO job self-selects for “can-do” types. If Wall Street
analysts or board members urge that brand of CEO to consider possible acquisitions, it’s a bit like telling your ripening
teenager to be sure to have a normal sex life.

Once a CEO hungers for a deal, he or she will never lack for forecasts that justify the purchase. Subordinates
will be cheering, envisioning enlarged domains and the compensation levels that typically increase with corporate
size. Investment bankers, smelling huge fees, will be applauding as well. (Don’t ask the barber whether you need a
haircut.) 

The ample availability of extraordinarily cheap debt in 2017 further fueled purchase activity. After all, even
a high-priced deal will usually boost per-share earnings if it is debt-financed.

At Berkshire, in contrast, we evaluate
acquisitions on an all-equity basis, knowing that our taste for overall debt is very low and that to assign a large portion
of our debt to any individual business would generally be fallacious  (leaving aside certain exceptions, such as debt
dedicated to Clayton’s lending portfolio or to the fixed-asset commitments at our regulated utilities).

But Charlie and I sleep well. Both of us
believe it is insane to risk what you have and need in order to obtain what you don’t need.

we will stick with our simple guideline: The less the
prudence with which others conduct their affairs, the greater the prudence with which we must conduct our own.

It’s clear
that we acquired both great human assets and business assets in making the USF purchase.

Betting on people
can sometimes be more certain than betting on physical assets.

充了10块钱的deepseek api。通过rig调用了deepseek的api。
