terrific managers running disciplined operations that in most cases possess hard-to-replicate business models.

Charlie and I have no magic plan to add earnings except to dream big and to be prepared mentally and financially to act fast when opportunities present themselves.

we took baby steps – making small acquisitions whose impact on Berkshire’s profits was dwarfed by our gains from marketable
securities. 

The story gets worse: I used stock for the purchase,
giving the sellers 25,203 shares of Berkshire that at yearend 2016 were worth more than $6 billion.

At the beginning of 1996, we acquired the half of GEICO we didn’t already own, a cash transaction that changed our holding from a portfolio investment into a wholly-owned operating business.

I followed the GEICO purchase by foolishly using Berkshire stock – a boatload of stock – to buy General Reinsurance in late 1998. After some early problems, General Re has become a fine
insurance operation that we prize. It was, nevertheless, a terrible mistake on my part to issue 272,200 shares of Berkshire in buying General Re, an act that increased our outstanding shares by a whopping 21.8%. My error caused Berkshire shareholders to give far more than they received (a practice that – despite the Biblical
endorsement – is far from blessed when you are buying businesses).

Our expectation is that investment gains will continue to be substantial – though totally random as to
timing – and that these will supply significant funds for business purchases. Concurrently, Berkshire’s superb
corps of operating CEOs will focus on increasing earnings at the individual businesses they manage, sometimes
helping them to grow by making bolt-on acquisitions. By our avoiding the issuance of Berkshire stock, any
improvement in earnings will translate into equivalent per-share gains.

