看亚马逊致股东信：https://s2.q4cdn.com/299287126/files/doc_financials/2023/ar/2022-Shareholder-Letter.pdf
each initiative’s long-term potential to drive
enough revenue, operating income, free cash flow, and return on invested capital.
moved on from some newer
devices where we didn’t see a path to meaningful returns. 
streamline our overall costs
continue to evaluate
what we’re seeing in our business and proceed adaptively.
We’ve become convinced that collaborating and inventing is easier and more
effective when we’re working together and learning from one another in person. The energy and riffing on
one another’s ideas happen more freely, and many of the best Amazon inventions have had their breakthrough
moments from people staying behind after a meeting and working through ideas on a whiteboard, or
continuing the conversation on the walk back from a meeting, or just popping by a teammate’s office later
that day with another thought.
 Invention is often messy. It wanders and meanders and marinates.
Serendipitous interactions help it, and there are more of those in-person than virtually. It’s also significantly
easier to learn, model, practice, and strengthen our culture when we’re in the office together most of the
time and surrounded by our colleagues.
Over the last several months, we’ve scrutinized every
process path in our fulfillment centers and transportation network and redesigned scores of processes and
mechanisms, resulting in steady productivity gains and cost reductions over the last few quarters. 
Most companies are still in the training stage, but as they develop models that graduate to
large-scale production, they’ll find that most of the cost is in inference because models are trained
periodically whereas inferences are happening all the time as their associated application is being exercised.
general-purpose CPU processors named Graviton
We delivered our first training chip in 2022 (“Trainium”)
We launched our first inference chips (“Inferentia”) in 2019
If we were successful, could it be big and have a reasonable return on invested capital?
Is the opportunity being well-served today?
Do we have a differentiated approach?
And, do we have competence in that area? And if not, can we acquire it quickly?
Amazon Fresh is the brand we’ve been experimenting with for a few years, and we’re
working hard to identify and build the right mass grocery format for Amazon scale.
Amazon Business allows businesses, municipalities,
and organizations to procure products like office supplies and other bulk items easily and at great savings.
Because the team has translated what it means to deliver selection, value, and convenience into a business
procurement setting, constantly listening to and learning from customers, and innovating on their behalf.
 one-stop
shopping, real-time analytics, and broad selection on hundreds of millions of business supplies.
Buy with Prime allows third-party brands and sellers to offer their products on
their own websites to our large Amazon Prime membership, and offer those customers fast, free Prime shipping
and seamless checkout with their Amazon account. Buy with Prime provides merchants several additional
benefits, including Amazon handling the product storage, picking, packing, delivery, payment, and any
returns, all through Amazon Pay and Fulfillment by Amazon. 
For years, Amazon customers had asked us when we’d offer them an online pharmacy as their frustrations
mounted with current providers. 
It also shares several similarities to AWS in that it’s capital intensive at the start,
but has a large prospective consumer, enterprise, and government customer base, significant revenue and
operating profit potential, and relatively few companies with the technical and inventive aptitude, as well as
the investment hypothesis to go after it.

学习区块链、NFT、DeFi、DApp、git的数据格式，个命令的工作原理等。
看 tokio 的 signal 处理。
看 current_thread 运行时。

看亚马逊致股东信：https://s2.q4cdn.com/299287126/files/doc_financials/2022/ar/2021-Shareholder-Letter.pdf
customers always want better,
and our job is both to listen to their feedback and to imagine what else is possible and invent on their
behalf.
they are relentlessly debating, re-defining, tinkering, iterating, and
experimenting to take the seed of a big idea and make it into something that resonates with customers and
meaningfully changes their customer experience over a long period of time.
shorten the time to get items to customers. 
In the early 2000s, it took us an average of 18 hours to get an item through our fulfillment centers
and on the right truck for shipment. Now, it takes us two.
To deliver as reliably and cost-effectively as we
desire, and to serve Amazon Prime members expecting shipments in a couple of days, we spent years building
out an expansive set of fulfillment centers, a substantial logistics and transportation capability, and
reconfigured how we did virtually everything in our facilities.
 This has represented a capital
investment of over $100 billion and countless iterations and small process improvements by over a million
Amazonians in the last decade and a half.

忍不住想不开心的事，就让他想，总结经验教训。
