专注于链接和人工智能。
平时没事干，就看亚马逊，伯克希尔哈撒韦，麦当劳的致股东信。
找一些人工智能的资料看，还有关于货币的资料。

看 Google IPO letter
https://productmanager.academy/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/Google-IPO.pdf

Our colleagues will be able to trust that they themselves and their labors of hard
work, love and creativity will be well cared for by a company focused on stability
and the long term.

We believe a well functioning society should have abundant,
free and unbiased access to high quality information.

We have been lucky to recruit many creative,
principled and hard working stars. We hope to recruit many more in the future.
We will reward and treat them well.

We believe it is easy to be penny wise and
pound foolish with respect to benefits that can save employees considerable time
and improve their health and productivity.

Talented people are attracted to Google
because we empower them to change the world; Google has large computational
resources and distribution that enables individuals to make a dierence. Our
main benet is a workplace with important projects, where employees can
contribute and grow. We are focused on providing an environment where
talented, hard working people are rewarded for their contributions to Google and
for making the world a better place.

看巴菲特的《拥有者守则》
https://berkshirehathaway.com/ownman.pdf
a result that proves capital was wisely deployed.

看《格雷厄姆村的超级投资者》
https://www.waardebeleggen.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/Warren-Buffett-1984-The-Superinvestors-Of-Graham-and-Doddsville.pdf
if you found any really extraordinary concentrations of success, you
might want to see if you could identify concentrations of unusual characteristics
that might be causal factors.

看 rig 的 deepseek 实现，申请了一个 deepseek 的 API key。
看 rig，可以学到 json 以及 request。
