看亚马逊致股东信：https://s2.q4cdn.com/299287126/files/doc_financials/2022/ar/2021-Shareholder-Letter.pdf
It’s been hard-earned by putting ourselves in the shoes of our customers, knowing
what they wanted, organizing Amazonians to work together to invent better solutions, and investing a
large amount of financial and people resources over 20 years (often well in advance of when it would pay
out). This type of iterative innovation is never finished and has periodic peaks in investment years, but leads
to better long-term customer experiences, customer loyalty, and returns for our shareholders.
The question became could we offer customers a
useful service where they could get meaningful value before we had all the features we thought they wanted?
We decided that the initial launch of EC2 could be feature-poor if we also organized ourselves to listen to
customers and iterate quickly. This approach works well if you indeed iterate quickly; but, is disastrous if you
can’t. 
But, it wasn’t until 2020, after taking the learnings from Graviton and
innovating on a new chip, that we had something remarkable with our Graviton2 chip, which provides up to
40% better price-performance than the comparable latest generation x86 processors. 
Compute is used for every bit of technology. 
the AWS Chips team was already learning from what customers
said could be better, and announced Graviton3 this past December (offering a 25% improvement on top of
Graviton2’s relative gains). 
this iterative approach to innovation has not only given customers
much more functionality in AWS than they can find anywhere else (which is a significant differentiator), but
also allowed us to arrive at the much more game-changing offering that AWS is today.
but revolutionary because it offered customers the ability to download any of over 90,000 books (now
millions) in 60 seconds.
The phone was
unsuccessful, and though we determined we were probably too late to this party and directed these resources
elsewhere, we hired some fantastic long-term builders and learned valuable lessons from this failure that
have served us well in devices like Echo and FireTV
Today, there are hundreds of millions of
Alexa-enabled devices out there (in homes, offices, cars, hotel rooms, Amazon Echo devices, and third-party
manufacturer devices); you can listen to music—or watch videos now; you can control your lights and
home automation; you can create routines like “Start My Day” where Alexa tells you the weather, your
estimated commute time based on current traffic, then plays the news; you can easily order retail items on
Amazon; you can get general or customized news, updates on sporting events and related stats—and we’re still
quite early with respect to what Alexa and Alexa-related devices will do for customers. Our goal is for
Alexa to be the world’s most helpful and resourceful personal assistant, who makes people’s lives meaningfully
easier and better. We have a lot more inventing and iterating to go, but customers continue to indicate that
we’re on the right path. 
We have several other devices at varying stages of evolution

Initially, all of our content was produced by other
studios and entertainment companies. These deals were expensive, country-specific, and only available to
us for a limited period; so, to expand our options, we started creating our own original shows. 

Along the way, we’ve learned a lot about producing compelling entertainment with memorable
moments and using machine learning and other inventive technology to provide a superior-quality streaming
experience (with useful, relevant data about actors, TV shows, movies, music, or sports stats a click away
in our unique X-Ray feature).

This track record of frequent invention is not only why more sports entities are choosing to work with
Prime Video, but also why so many large entertainment companies have become Prime Video Channels
partners. 

Channels is a program that enables entertainment companies to leverage Prime Video’s unique
technology and viewing experience, as well as its very large member base to offer monthly subscriptions to
their content. Companies like Warner Bros. Discovery, Paramount, Starz, Corus Entertainment, and Globo
have found that they’re driving substantial incremental membership and better customer experience
through Channels. 

Leadership Principles: Strive to be Earth’s Best Employer and Success and Scale
Bring Broad Responsibility.

This same sort of iterative invention can be applied to efforts supporting people and communities.

These concepts were always implicit at Amazon, but explicit Leadership
Principles help us ask ourselves—and empower more Amazonians at all levels to ask—whether we’re living
up to these principles.

We’ve researched and created a list of what we believe are the top 100 employee experience pain
points and are systematically solving them.

with a focus on reducing strains, sprains, falls, and repetitive stress injuries.

I spent significant time in our fulfillment
centers and with our safety team, and hoped there might be a silver bullet that could change the numbers
quickly. I didn’t find that.

it takes rigorous analysis, thoughtful problem-solving, and a
willingness to invent to get to where you want.

We’ve been dissecting every process path to discern how we
can further improve.

We have a variety of programs in flight (e.g. rotational programs that help employees
avoid spending too much time doing the same repetitive motions, wearables that prompt employees when
they’re moving in a dangerous way, improved shoes to provide better toe protection, training programs on
body mechanics, wellness, and safety practices).

we’ll keep learning, inventing, and iterating until we have more
transformational results. We won’t be satisfied until we do.

1/ Hire the Right Builders: We disproportionately index in hiring builders. We think of builders as people
who like to invent, who look at customer experiences, dissect what doesn’t work well about them, and seek
to reinvent them. We want people who keep asking why can’t it be done? We want people who like to
experiment and tinker, and who realize launch is the starting line, not the finish line.

2/ Organize Builders into Teams That Are as Separable and Autonomous as Possible: It’s hard for teams to be
deep in what customers care about in multiple areas. It’s also hard to spend enough time on the new
initiatives when there’s resource contention with the more mature businesses; the surer bets usually win out.
Single-threaded teams will know their customers’ needs better, spend all their waking work hours inventing
for them, and develop context and tempo to keep iterating quickly

3/ Give Teams the Right Tools and Permission to Move Fast: Speed is not pre-ordained. It’s a leadership
choice. It has trade-offs, but you can’t wake up one day and start moving fast. It requires having the right
tools to experiment and build fast (a major part of why we started AWS), allowing teams to make two-way
door decisions themselves, and setting an expectation that speed matters. And, it does. Speed is
disproportionally important to every business at every stage of its evolution. Those that move slower than
their competitive peers fall away over time.

4/ You Need Blind Faith, But No False Hope: This is a lyric from one of my favorite Foo Fighters songs
(“Congregation”). When you invent, you come up with new ideas that people will reject because they haven’t
been done before (that’s where the blind faith comes in), but it’s also important to step back and make sure
you have a viable plan that’ll resonate with customers (avoid false hope). We’re lucky that we have builders
who challenge each other, feedback loops that give us access to customer feedback, and a product
development process of working backwards from the customer where having to write a Press Release (to
flesh out the customer benefits) and a Frequently Asked Questions document (to detail how we’d build it)
helps us have blind faith without false hope (at least usually).

5/ Define a Minimum Loveable Product (MLP), and Be Willing to Iterate Fast: Figuring out where to draw
the line for launch is one of the most difficult decisions teams must make. Often, teams wait too long, and
insist on too many bells and whistles, before launching. And, they miss the first mover advantage or
opportunity to build mindshare in fast-moving market segments before well-executing peers get too far
ahead. The launch product must be good enough that you believe it’ll be loved from the get-go (why we call
it a “Minimum Loveable Product” vs. a “Minimum Viable Product”), but in newer market segments,
teams are often better off getting this MLP to customers and iterating quickly thereafter.

6/ Adopt a Long-term Orientation: We’re sometimes criticized at Amazon for not shutting much down. It’s
true that we have a longer tolerance for our investments than most companies. But, we know that
transformational invention takes multiple years, and if you’re making big bets that you believe could
substantially change customer experience (and your company), you have to be in it for the long-haul or
you’ll give up too quickly.

7/ Brace Yourself for Failure: If you invent a lot, you will fail more often than you wish. Nobody likes this
part, but it comes with the territory. When it’s clear that we’ve launched something that won’t work, we make
sure we’ve learned from what didn’t go well, and secure great landing places for team members who
delivered well—or your best people will hesitate to work on new initiatives.

Constantly inventing and improving products for
customers has a compounding effect on the customer experience, and in turn on a business’s prospects.

He who understands it, earns it. He who doesn’t, pays it

We will continue to be insurgent—inventing in businesses that we’re in, in new
businesses that we’ve yet to launch, and in new ideas that we haven’t even imagined yet. It remains Day 1.

致股东信是学习商业知识的好方法。
看不懂人工智能论文，就看致股东信。
看 current thread 运行时。
看 RuntimeMatrics。
